Creating internet gateway Let's go back to our BPC class within the PC class.
And of course we have a mistyping right here and here we go.
So what we're going to do now is we're going to provide a little method to create an internet gateway
so I'll just say create Internet Gateway
and within that method let's just first try to type and the method and see what we're going to have
to provide create internet gateway.
And as you can see except from the dry run method which is just for like relevation purposes for a W-S
calls we don't have to provide anything.
It doesn't have a base of property at all.
So we can just call this method like this.
And of course let's just type in a command type in a command line output as creating and internet gateway.
And here we go.
So the next thing would be to call this method from our main class and I'm going go down here create
an G.V. or internet gateway and we're just going to call our method BPC dot create internet gateway
so that's all we need to do to create an Internet Gateway within a PCM worriment But of course we have
to take the response from a couple of us so that we can make use of it while attaching it to the PC.
So I'm going to say I G.V. response is this.
Eric go to attach the internet gateway to our real PC.
I'll be seeing you on the next video.